party sora engages in the fight fight sora vs demyx.
sora can perform guard break.
sora has in the inventory bright gem.
party sora has as party member donald.
party sora riku has as party member riku.
xaldin is a member of organization13.
goofy can perform scan.
party axel has as party member axel.
king mickey appears in castle oblivion.

sora appears in beast castle.
sora comes from destiny islands.
party sora engages in the fight fight sora vs saix.
fight sora vs luxord is won by party sora.
donald appears in disney castle.
party sora engages in the fight fight sora vs luxord.
sora appears in destiny islands.
fight sora vs xemnas takes place in castle oblivion.

naminé is friends with roxas.
sora has in the inventory mega elixir.
party sephiroth has as party member sephiroth.
sora appears in agrabah.
party demyx has as party member demyx.
sora has in the inventory ether.
sora owns the keyblade lucky charm.
donald appears in beast castle.
goofy appears in twilight town.

fight sora vs saix is won by party sora.
sora appears in port royal.
party sora has as party member sora.
saïx is a member of organization13.
kairi is friends with sora.
naminé comes from castle oblivion.
sora appears in land of dragons.
fight sora vs groundshaker is won by party sora.
party demyx engages in the fight fight sora vs demyx.
fight sora vs demyx takes place in radiant garden.

sora has in the inventory potion.
sora owns the keyblade sweet memories.
sora defeats gambler.
leon is friends with merlin.
donald appears in port royal.
sora has in the inventory mega potion.
sora defeats ghost pirate.
kairi appears in destiny islands.
goofy is friends with sora.
sora can perform guard.

merlin comes from disney castle.
roxas defeats twilight thorn.
shadow drops potion.
party roxas engages in the fight fight roxas vs twilight thorn.
king mickey comes from disney castle.
fight sora vs xigbar is won by party sora.
sora can perform mprage.
roxas owns the keyblade memory skyscraper.
donald comes from disney castle.
sora can perform magnet.
goofy appears in halloween town.

kairi comes from destiny islands.
donald appears in agrabah.
kairi is friends with riku.
goofy appears in port royal.
donald is friends with goofy.
fight sora riku vs xemnas final takes place in castle oblivion.
party axel engages in the fight fight roxas vs axel.
fight sora vs saix takes place in castle oblivion.
goofy appears in beast castle.
donald has the secondary weapon donald staff.
party sora engages in the fight fight sora vs xaldin.

party xemnas final engages in the fight fight sora riku vs xemnas final.
donald appears in land of dragons.
vexen is a member of organization13.
party xaldin engages in the fight fight sora vs xaldin.
party mulan dragon engages in the fight fight sora vs mulan dragon.
sora can perform dodge roll.
sora can perform fire.
demyx is a member of organization13.
sora appears in disney castle.
goofy appears in timeless river.

roxas is friends with axel.
king mickey owns the keyblade star seeker.
sora defeats neoshadow.
party luxord has as party member luxord.
sora defeats roxas.
fight roxas vs twilight thorn is won by party roxas.
donald appears in twilight town.
party axel engages in the fight fight sora vs axel.
donald is friends with king mickey.
donald appears in halloween town.
fight sora vs ghost pirate takes place in port royal.
merlin appears in twilight town.

party xemnas has as party member xemnas.
party saix engages in the fight fight sora vs saix.
goofy appears in pride lands.
olette comes from twilight town.
sora can perform aerial dodge.
fight sora vs mulan dragon takes place in land of dragons.
fight sora vs sephiroth is won by party sora.
fight sora vs sephiroth takes place in radiant garden.
fight sora riku vs xemnas final is won by party sora riku.
marluxia is a member of organization13.
xigbar is a member of organization13.

fight sora vs axel is won by party sora.
sora defeats demyx.
sora can perform reflect.
party sora riku engages in the fight fight sora riku vs xemnas final.
sora defeats xigbar.
sora defeats shadow.
party xemnas engages in the fight fight sora vs xemnas.
party xigbar engages in the fight fight sora vs xigbar.
party ghost pirate engages in the fight fight sora vs ghost pirate.
sora has the drive form valor form.

donald appears in timeless river.
party twilight thorn engages in the fight fight roxas vs twilight thorn.
party sora engages in the fight fight sora vs xemnas.
party sora riku has as party member sora.
sora owns the keyblade ultima weapon.
sora defeats sniper.
sora can perform combo plus.
riku owns the keyblade way to dawn.
fight sora vs groundshaker takes place in pride lands.

sora defeats lexaeus.
sora defeats axel.
sora defeats armored knight.
luxord is a member of organization13.
zexion is a member of organization13.
sora defeats assassin.
goofy appears in radiant garden.
sora owns the keyblade circle of life.
sora has the drive form anti fusion.
party sephiroth engages in the fight fight sora vs sephiroth.
outlaw moon drops dark gem.
king mickey is friends with riku.

sora has the drive form wisdom form.
sora has the drive form master form.
xemnas is a member of organization13.
kairi appears in castle oblivion.
king mickey appears in destiny islands.
fight sora vs xaldin is won by party sora.
fight sora vs xemnas is won by party sora.
sora can perform cure.

riku appears in castle oblivion.
donald can perform scan.
hayner is friends with roxas.
party groundshaker engages in the fight fight sora vs groundshaker.
party groundshaker has as party member groundshaker.
fight sora vs ghost pirate is won by party sora.
sora defeats groundshaker.
sora appears in radiant garden.
sora has in the inventory lunar gem.
donald appears in destiny islands.
sora can perform glide.

goofy is friends with king mickey.
party roxas has as party member roxas.
roxas defeats axel.
fight sora vs axel takes place in radiant garden.
party luxord engages in the fight fight sora vs luxord.
donald is friends with sora.
riku is friends with sora.
sora has the drive form limit form.
party roxas engages in the fight fight roxas vs axel.
hayner comes from twilight town.
roxas owns the keyblade kingdom chain.
fight sora vs mulan dragon is won by party sora.

axel is a member of organization13.
fight roxas vs twilight thorn takes place in twilight town.
riku appears in destiny islands.
roxas defeats basic.
donald appears in castle oblivion.
sora defeats mulan dragon.
party xaldin has as party member xaldin.
donald appears in pride lands.
pence is friends with olette.
sora defeats zexion.
sora defeats marluxia.

pence is friends with roxas.
sora can perform blizzard.
party mulan dragon has as party member mulan dragon.
party saix has as party member saïx.
sora appears in castle oblivion.
kairi owns the keyblade kingdom chain.
goofy appears in castle oblivion.
sora owns the keyblade follow the wind.
sora can perform aerial recovery.
fight sora vs luxord takes place in castle oblivion.
merlin is friends with sora.

goofy can perform combo plus.
party sora engages in the fight fight sora vs sephiroth.
pence appears in twilight town.
sora has in the inventory elixir.
riku comes from destiny islands.
olette is friends with roxas.
sora appears in pride lands.
sora can perform thunder.
sora defeats sephiroth.

goofy appears in destiny islands.
sora defeats luxord.
goofy appears in land of dragons.
sora owns the keyblade 2 become one.
king mickey is friends with kairi.
goofy comes from disney castle.
sora has in the inventory dark gem.
fight sora vs xigbar takes place in castle oblivion.
fight sora vs xaldin takes place in beast castle.
party sora engages in the fight fight sora vs ghost pirate.

sora can perform second chance.
party ghost pirate has as party member ghost pirate.
sora can perform emergency.
roxas owns the keyblade lucky charm.
sora defeats xemnas.
sora defeats dancer.
donald can perform thunder.
sora can perform scan.
roxas comes from twilight town.

merlin is friends with cloud.
party sora engages in the fight fight sora vs xigbar.
party twilight thorn has as party member twilight thorn.
sora owns the keyblade seagull wing.
king mickey is friends with sora.
lexaeus is a member of organization13.
goofy appears in agrabah.
sora can perform high jump.
hayner is friends with pence.

king mickey is friends with yen sid.
larxene is a member of organization13.
party sora engages in the fight fight sora vs axel.
sora appears in twilight town.
goofy has the secondary weapon goofy shield.
party sora engages in the fight fight sora vs mulan dragon.
sora appears in halloween town.
sora has in the inventory mega ether.
sora owns the keyblade kingdom chain.
hayner is friends with olette.
sephiroth appears in radiant garden.

goofy appears in disney castle.
sora defeats vexen.
sora defeats xaldin.
leon is friends with sora.
sora owns the keyblade star seeker.
sora owns the keyblade fenrir.
fight roxas vs axel is won by party roxas.
party sora engages in the fight fight sora vs groundshaker.
party sora has as party member goofy.
pence comes from twilight town.
sora owns the keyblade photonic debugger.

fight sora vs demyx is won by party sora.
sora defeats xemnas final form.
sora has the drive form final form.
donald appears in radiant garden.
sephiroth comes from radiant garden.
fight roxas vs axel takes place in twilight town.
party xigbar has as party member xigbar.
sora appears in timeless river.
sora defeats larxene.
party xemnas final has as party member xemnas final form.